Upgrade to AKS version 1.24.0 and change gateway subnet from /28 to /24 (#62)
mspnp/aks-baseline-multi-region: networking/topology.md

| AKS System and User Nodepool Subnet                    | 2            | 5                  | 200              | 10         | [30]                     | 100           | 0                   | 30                    | 60                        | 5                                        | 2                   | 374                   | 984                | 22                 | 10.240.0.0/22  | 10.240.0.0  | 10.240.3.255  |
| AKS Internal Load Balancer Services Subnet             | 0            | 0                  | 0                | 0          | 5                        | 100           | 100                 | 0                     | 5                         | 5                                        | 0                   | 10                    | 10                 | 28                 | 10.240.4.0/28  | 10.240.4.0  | 10.240.4.15   |

> | Azure Application Gateway Subnet                       | 0            | [251]              | 0                | 0          | 0                        | 100           | 100                 | 0                     | 0                         | 5                                        | 0                   | 256                   | 256                | 24                 | 10.240.5.0/24  | 10.240.5.0  | 10.240.5.255  |

Reviewer: That's max instances of App Gateway V2.  See related change below.

```suggestion
| Azure Application Gateway Subnet                       | 0            | [125]              | 0                | 0          | 0                        | 100           | 100                 | 0                     | 0                         | 5                                        | 0                   | 256                   | 256                | 24                 | 10.240.5.0/24  | 10.240.5.0  | 10.240.5.255  |
```

3. [Private Endpoints] Private Links are created for ACR and Azure KeyVault, so these Azure services can be accessed using Private Endpoints within the Spoke vNet, specifically allocating an private Ip address from the AKS System and User Nodepool Subnet.

[27<sup>1</sup>]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-about-vpn-gateway-settings#gwsub

> [251]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/application-gateway/configuration-overview#size-of-the-subnet

Reviewer: old link didn't work.

```suggestion
[125]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/application-gateway/configuration-infrastructure#size-of-the-subnet
```
